IT license connection management (#7633)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## July 2025

> - **Enhancement:** Users assigned IT [licenses](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users) can now edit and manager adapter [connections settings](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections#connection-management).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Users assigned IT [licenses](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users) can now edit and manage [global connections settings](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections#connection-management).
```
